Docs for upcoming v2.5.0 release (#216)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/directives/log.md

Enables and configures HTTP request logging (also known as access logs).

<aside class="tip">

> 	If you're looking to configure Caddy's runtime logs, you're looking for the <a href="/docs/caddyfile/options#log"><code>log</code> global option</a> instead.

Reviewer: Totally a nit, but does this make sense? I dunno what else to call them. Runtime is fine. I usually have called them Process logs. Or is there another word?

```suggestion
	If you're looking to configure Caddy's process logs, you're looking for the <a href="/docs/caddyfile/options#log"><code>log</code> global option</a> instead.
```

Author: Both are essentially equivalent I guess. You could say "the Caddy runtime" or "the Caddy process", I think "runtime" might make more sense when talking about the lifecycle of Caddy, because a config != process' lifetime

#### single_field

> <span class="warning">⚠️ This format is deprecated, and is removed in Caddy v2.5. To encode logs in common log format, please use the [`format-encoder`](https://github.com/caddyserver/format-encoder) plugin.</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="warning">⚠️ This format was deprecated, and has been removed in Caddy v2.5. To encode logs in common log format, please use the [`format-encoder`](https://github.com/caddyserver/format-encoder) plugin.</span>
```

##### cookie

Marks a field to have one or more actions performed, to manipulate a `Cookie` HTTP header's value. Most commonly, the field to filter would be `request>headers>Cookie`. The available actions are:

```caddy-d
<field> cookie {
	delete  <name>
	replace <name> <replacement>
	hash    <name>
}
```

- **delete** removes the given cookie by name from the header.
- **replace** replaces the value of the given cookie with **replacement**. Useful to insert a redaction placeholder; you'll see that the cookie was in the header, but the value is hidden.
- **hash** replaces the value of the given cookie with the first 4 bytes of the SHA-256 hash of the value, lowercase hexadecimal. Useful to obscure the value if it's sensitive, while being able to notice whether each request had a different value.

If many actions are defined for the same cookie name, only the first action will be applied.

##### regexp

Marks a field to have a regular expression replacement applied at encoding time.

```caddy-d
<field> regexp <pattern> <replacement>
```

> The regular expression language used is RE2, included in Go. See the [RE2 syntax reference](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax) and the [Go regexp syntax overview](https://pkg.go.dev/regexp/syntax).

Reviewer: Good idea to link to these

Author: This is copied from all the other places we have regexp

Use Common Log Format (CLF):

> <span class="warning">⚠️ The `single_field` format is deprecated and removed in Caddy v2.5. To encode logs in common log format, please use the [`format-encoder`](https://github.com/caddyserver/format-encoder) plugin.</span>

Reviewer: Maybe we should just remove references to single_field and instead help people find what they need in the format-encoder directly.

Author: Yeah I wasn't sure whether we should leave a note in here or not
